h1. Navvy

Navvy is a simple background job processor inspired by "delayed_job":http://github.com/tobi/delayed_job, but aiming for database agnosticism. Currently Navvy supports ActiveRecord, MongoMapper and Sequel but it's extremely easy to write an adapter for your favorite ORM. Also, It completely supports Rails Edge.

??“Navvy is a shorter form of navigator (UK) or navigational engineer (USA) and is particularly applied to describe the manual labourers working on major civil engineering projects. The term was coined in the late 18th century in Britain when numerous canals were being built, which were also sometimes known as "navigations". Canal navvies typically worked with shovels, pickaxes and barrows.”?? - "Wikipedia":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Navvy

h2. Using Navvy

There's an "Installation Guide":http://wiki.github.com/jeffkreeftmeijer/navvy/installation (also for "Rails 3":http://wiki.github.com/jeffkreeftmeijer/navvy/installation-on-rails-edge) and a "Getting Started Guide":http://wiki.github.com/jeffkreeftmeijer/navvy/getting-started to put you on the right track. Any questions? Don't hesitate to "ask":http://github.com/inbox/new/jeffkreeftmeijer.

h2. Contributing

Found any issues? Have a great idea? Want to help? Great! Create an issue "issue":http://github.com/jeffkreeftmeijer/navvy/issues for it, or even better; "fork the project":http://github.com/jeffkreeftmeijer/navvy/fork. Pull requests are always welcome. :)

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2009 Jeff Kreeftmeijer, released under the MIT license
